<!-- page:1 -->

Addendum to RTB-1
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Rental Tenancy Agreement (RTB-1)
1. Prohibited Acts— Smoking or drug use is absolutely prohibited on the rental property 
and anywhere in the building as per the Strata Bylaws & Rules. A ﬁne will apply for 
violation.
2. Insurance—The Tenant(s) understand and agree to carry adequate insurance for 
their personal possessions and liability. The Tenant(s) will provide a copy of the insur-
ance policy within 30 days of the tenancy commencement.
3. Vehicles—The Tenant(s) understand and agree that all their vehicles will be insured 
at all times during the tenancy. If the vehicles are being stored, the Tenant(s) agree to 
obtain storage insurance. The Tenant(s) should strictly follow the Visitor Parking 
Rules of the Strata Corporation.
4. Use of the Property—The Tenant(s) understand and agree that the property is to be 
used for private residential purpose only, not for illegal, unlawful, commercial or busi -
ness purposes. In accordance with the Real Estate Act and in co-operation with vari -
ous police departments and law enforcement agencies, the subject rental property 
may be inspected every 60 to 90 days on a random basis upon proper notice. Any 
such inspections will be conducted per the Residential Tenancy Act of BC (BCRTA) 
requirements.
5. Utilities—The Tenant(s) understand and agree to open their own account of BC Hy -
dro, gas, internet/TV, telephone, alarm service (if necessary), and will pay their own 
bills during the tenancy.
6. Repairs/maintenance—The Tenant(s) and the guests of the Tenant(s) understand 
and agree with the objective of protecting the subject rental property from abusive 
use. The Tenant(s) and the guests of the Tenant(s) shall use the premises, services, 
equipment and facilities supplied by the landlord and the Strata prudentially and care -
fully, and shall be responsible for all the cost of any willful or negligent damages they 
cause or permit to be caused, including any water / ﬁre damage. The Tenant(s) shall 
replace and pay for the cost of any burnt out light bulbs in the suite, and leave same 
in good working condition prior to vacating. Battery operated smoke detectors are the 
sole responsibility of the Tenant(s). The Tenant(s) agree to have the suite cleaned, 
including the window frames inside the suite, the carpet steam cleaned, kitchen ap -
pliances professionally cleaned / grease-free, toilet bowls and tubs cleaned and sani -
tized, holes in the walls patched and painted, and all drains cleared prior to vacating 
(see item 15 below regarding cleaning deposit).
7. Alteration—The Tenant(s) understand and agree that no structural alteration can be 
done to the suite. Painting and decorating can only be done with prior written consent 
of the Landlord. 
8. Pets— The Tenant(s) agree that no pets are allowed in the suite.

---

<!-- page:2 -->

Addendum to RTB-1
               
9. Sub-let /assignment of unit —  The Tenant(s) agree not to sublet/assign or grant any 
license to use the unit or any part thereof without the written permission of the owner 
during tenancy of unit. Otherwise it is considered breach of the rental agreement and 
the owner is entitled to terminate the existing rental agreement as per rules of resi -
dency act.
10.Early termination of the ﬁxed tenancy—The Tenant(s) understand and agree that 
should the Tenant(s) want to move out earlier for any reasons, the Tenant(s) must pay 
rent until the end of the ﬁxed tenancy unless the Tenant(s) can assign the premises or 
the Landlord can mitigate the loss by renting out the premises to another tenant. The 
Tenant(s) will be responsible for and all costs incurred by the Landlord to mitigate the 
loss. This is not a penalty.
11.Bylaws / violation —The Tenant(s) must abide by all rules / bylaws of the City and 
the Strata. tenants must comply with City/District requests/notices to vacate parking 
areas and any associated areas for purposes of regular maintenance / cleaning. Any 
ﬁne due to a violation of the By-laws incl. Any false alarm will be the Tenants’ responsi-
bility to pay. The Tenant(s) are responsible for their violations and ﬁnes. 
12.Liability—The Landlord shall not in any event whatsoever be liable or responsible in 
any way for personal injury or death that may be suffered or sustained by: the 
Tenant(s) or the Tenants’ employee / relation / guest or any member of the Tenants’  
family or any other person, while such persons are on the leased Premises or on the 
common areas, including the use of any water tub.
13.Cleaning requirement & Fee— It is agreed that the Landlord will assign a cleaner 
every two weeks to clean the whole apartment for $100/each time, i.e. total $200 per 
month. The tenant is responsible to pay this fee and the fee will be paid together with 
the monthly rent on the 1st day of each month.
14.Keys/FOB and lost keys/FOB—the Tenant(s) will render the same number of  
       keys and FOBs at the end of tenancy as provided upon occupancy. There will be 
       a charge for lost or unreturned keys and FOBs. 
15. Monthly Payment & way of payment —It is understood and agreed that th e
    tenant’s total monthly payment is as follows : rent $4300 + cleaning fee $200 = $4500
      Upon signing the rental agreement, the tenant is to pay 
      security deposit $2150 + 1st month(July 2022) rent $4500 + last month (June 2023) 
      rent $4500 = total $11,150
      And rent of the rest 10 months will be paid by post-dated cheques. 
16. Miscellaneous Tenant Responsibilities - The Tenant(s) are responsible for:
A. Replacing broken or burnt out light bulbs in the unit;
B. Clearing plugged drains/toilets in the unit;

---

<!-- page:3 -->

Addendum to RTB-1
C. Repairing leaking faucets in the unit (due to misuse or abuse);
D. Window an frame cleaning  inside the unit;
E. Repairing or replacing any switches, fuses and tap washers in the unit
     (due to misuse or abuse);
F. Repairing or replacing window locks and screens;
G. Interior pest control in the unit; and
H. Remedying any damage to ﬁxtures and appliances in the unit (due to
      misuse or abuse).
All additional terms and conditions listed herein are integrated into and form a part of 
the Tenancy Agreement (RTB-1), which has been executed between the same parties 
on a separate form. Failure to observe the terms and conditions herein will place the 
Tenant(s) in breach of the Tenancy Agreement.
           Page 3
Landlord       Tenant 1 Momin Asadullah Khan
signature 1 signature 1
Date Date 06-18-2022
Tenant 2
signature 2
Date
Xia Wang
2022-06-18