<!-- page:1 -->

UCSD Employee Agreement – Electronic Communications Resources1  
UCSD policy2 requires that this agreement be completed by the employee to substantiate that there is no personal benefit to 
the employee by purchasing this equipment and/or the related service. If this information cannot be properly documented, the 
amount can be consid ered as a benefit to the employee and subject to income tax reporting. The original is to be retained by 
the department business office and a copy will be requested as necessary to substantiate payment and reimbursement 
records:  
I certify that I am the re cipient of the following UCSD -provided electronic communications equipment and/or services (check 
appropriate box below):  
Description of equipment _______________________________________________________________________________  
Serial Number ________________________________Cost _________________Date ______________________________  
How was equipment acquired? __________________________________________________________________________  
Index and Fund being charged___________________________________________________________________________ 
Explanation of the business need of the equipment and/ or service_______________________________________________  
___________________________________________________________________________________________________  
 
? Equipment - I agree that this equipment is to be used for official UCSD business and that any personal use will be 
incidental and that I will reimburse my department for any personal use of this equipment that results in noticeable incremental 
costs to the  University. I will exercise appropriate care and caution when using the equipment. I understand that all records 
related to the purchase, use, and disposition of this UCSD -owned equipment, including cell phone statements, are the 
property of UCSD and pote ntially subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act. I further understand that I am 
responsible for safeguarding the equipment, including any data and controlling its use. If UCSD determines that there is no 
longer a business need for me to possess such equipment, I will return the equipment. If I separate from UCSD employment, I 
will promptly return the equipment to my department.  
?  Services - I agree that this service is to be used for official UCSD business and that any personal use  will be incidental and 
that I will reimburse my department for any personal use of this equipment that results in noticeable incre mental costs to the 
University. I understand that all records related to the UCSD -provided service, are the property of UCSD and potentially 
subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act. I further understand that if UCSD determines there is no longer a 
significant business need for me to utilize this service, UCSD will discontinue its funding of the service. If I separate from 
UCSD employment, the service will no longer be paid for or reimbursed by UCSD.  
By signing this agreement I verify that I am using this equipment/service for official UCSD business:  
Name: ___________________________________ Title: __________________ Extension:___________________________  
Signature: __________________________________________________ Date: ___________________________________  
Department head name: ____________________________________________ Extension: __________________________  
Signature: __________________________________________________ Date: ___________________________________  
Version 4                    Oct. 2010 
Retention period 7 years  
 
 
1 A separate agreement is to be completed for each device and service.  
2 UCSD policy is published in Blink.  As policy is updated as necessary, please use key word search ‘Cell Phone’ for current version.